ID-3953 [Feat] Added functionality to create a function (#186)
Fliplet/fliplet-cli: docs/API/core/app-actions-v2.md

5. An app action (2nd gen) can run on server when `environment` property is set as `server` or `any`
6. An app action (2nd gen) can run on client side when `environment` property is set as `client` or `any`
7. An app action is **limited to 120 seconds of execution time**. After 120 seconds, the action will be killed and a specific timeout error will be returned and saved in the logs.
8. The payload for on-demand actions is **limited to 2048 characters**.
9. The result sent from an on-demand app action is **limited to 6MB**.
10. Only JavaScript assets are loaded when the screen runs as an app action. Assets such as CSS and images will be ignored by the system.
11. Scheduled app actions will only run the published version of a screen, whereas on-demand actions will run the version from the same environment they are fired from (e.g. Fliplet Viewer, Live apps  )

---

## Configuring function pipeline for app actions

Our latest iteration of app actions require you to define a pipeline of functions to execute when the action runs. Additionally, functions can be nested into sub-pipelines.

> First, you want to fetch the array of functions available in the system:

Reviewer: i don't feel like we explain enough about what this is for. Its mentioned briefly here with half an example, then never mentioned again.

```js
Fliplet.App.Tasks.Functions.get().then(function (listOfFunctions) {
  // ...
});
```

Each function has the following properties:

- `id`: the Fliplet ID (formerly `widgetId`) of the function
- `name`: the display name of the function
- `package`: the package name of the function
- `description`: the description of the function

Here'a a sample code that creates a new app action with a pipeline of function.

In the example, function `com.fliplet.function.if` function that behaves like an [if statement](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/if...else) and evaluates the contents of the input payload and checks if `foo` is `true`. If so, it will execute function `com.example.function.return-string` with the given settings. If `foo` is `false`, the function will be skipped.

```js

> Fliplet.App.Actions.create({

Reviewer 2: This example is missing a trigger, environment etc

Author: @debankurghosh2061 Updated accordingly

  name: 'sayHello',
  functions: [
    {
      functionPackage: "com.fliplet.function.if",
      settings: {
        condition: "foo === true"
      },
      functions: [
        { functionPackage: "com.example.function.return-string", settings: { message: "Hello world" } }
      ]
    }
  ]
})
```

Each function will be executed with the configured settings. An additional payload can be added when calling the action:

```js
Fliplet.App.Actions.run('sayHello', { foo: true });
```

### Action triggers

An action can be triggered as a result of a system event (e.g. a data source being updated, a log entry being created). You can configure the triggers for an action using the `triggers` property.

These are the available types of triggers:

> - `log`: Triggered when a log entry is created. <strong>Can be executed on server side only</strong>

Reviewer 2: I think we should link to these docs here so users will understand what all the types are: https://developers.fliplet.com/Organization-audit-log-types.html#logs-from-fliplet-apps

Author: @debankurghosh2061 Updated accordingly

- `schedule`: Executes at a specific interval. <strong>Can be executed on server side only</strong>
- `manual`: Executes manually using the JavaScript API. <strong>Can be executed on server or client side</strong>
- `analytics`: Triggered when an analytics event occurs. <strong>Can be executed on client side only</strong>

The following example creates an action that is triggered when a log entry is created with a `type` of `dataSource.entry.create` (i.e. a new entry is created in a data source) in the data source with ID 789:

```js
Fliplet.App.Actions.create({

>   name: 'send-email-on-error',

Reviewer 2: This example is also missing all the required properties for e.g environment

Author: @debankurghosh2061 Updated accordingly

  // No result is given back.
});

// Run an action synchronously with an input payload
// and retrieve back the result
Fliplet.App.Actions.runWithResult('email-is-registered', {
  Email: 'john@example.org'
}).then(function (result) {
  // This example assumes your result returns a "isRegistered" property
  if (result.isRegistered) {
    // ....
  }
});
```
## Update an action

Use the `update` JS API with the input action `id` or `name` to update any property of the action (among `functions`, `trigger`, `frequency` and `active`):

```js
Fliplet.App.Actions.update('confirm-booking', {
  functions: [
    {
      settings: {},
      functionPackage: 'com.example.function.send-email'
    }
  ],
  environment: 'server',
  triggers: [
    {
      trigger: 'log',
      where: {
        type: 'dataSource.entry.create',
        dataSourceId: 177
      }
    }
  ]
}).then(function (action) {
  // Action has been updated
});
```
## Delete an action

Use the `remove` JS API with the input action `id` or `name` to delete an action.

```js
Fliplet.App.Actions.remove('confirm-booking').then(function () {
  // Action has been removed
});
```
## Debug an action

> You can debug App action (2nd gen) in your browser. To debug the app actions open a browser tab on the tasks compile endpoint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can debug an action in your browser. To debug the app actions open a browser tab on the tasks compile endpoint
```

Author: @simonchapman1986 Updated accordingly

- `URL` <strong>GET</strong> /v1/apps/{appId}/tasks/{taskId}/compile?html

Below are the URLs for different region
- `EU` https://api.fliplet.com/v1/apps/22/tasks/25/compile?html
- `US` https://us.api.fliplet.com/v1/apps/22/tasks/25/compile?html
- `CA` https://ca.api.fliplet.com/v1/apps/22/tasks/25/compile?html

#### Steps to debug an app actions
- Open the browser DevTools by pressing the `F12` key
- Go to Source tab and from the pages find the relevant function JS file
- Put the Debug point in the code you want to debug

> - Go to the console and type Fliplet.App.Actions.Pipeline.run(). This is the command that gets executed by Lambda when running the action. It internally finds the pipeline in - - `ENV.taskPipeline` and the JSON payload from the query parameter payload

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Go to the console and type Fliplet.App.Actions.Pipeline.run(). This is the command that gets executed by our infrastructure when running the action. It internally finds the pipeline in - - `ENV.taskPipeline` and the JSON payload from the query parameter payload
```

Author: @simonchapman1986 Updated accordingly
